README.md, before:

# Behavior.Model
Student Math Problem Solving Modeling

<p align="justify">
This library models student math problem solving behavior using <a href="http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~abeutel/kdd2015_tutorial/">graph model</a>. Specifically, it blends <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_tutor">cognitive tutor</a> and <a href="http://pact.cs.cmu.edu/koedinger/pubs/CTAT-IJAIED-2008.pdf"> example-based tutor </a> paradigms to support automatic answer checking, multiple solution tracing without human authoring effort.
</p>

## Paper
Coming Soon

## License
Copyright (c) 2015 Bo Kang
<p align="justify">
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License") you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
</p>

Commit message:

add problem loader in this module Feb 18th 2016

README.md, after:

# Behavior.Model
Student Math Problem Solving Modeling

<p align="justify">
This library models student math problem solving behavior using <a href="http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~abeutel/kdd2015_tutorial/">graph model</a>. Specifically, it blends <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_tutor">cognitive tutor</a> and <a href="http://pact.cs.cmu.edu/koedinger/pubs/CTAT-IJAIED-2008.pdf"> example-based tutor </a> paradigms to support automatic answer checking, multiple solution tracing without human authoring effort.
</p>

## Paper
Coming Soon


HCI.Reasoner2 is toward the latest version of tutoring system with out-scope problem selection.

HCI.Reasoner is the version for the IUI 2016.


## License
Copyright (c) 2015 Bo Kang
<p align="justify">
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License") you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
</p>
